feat(curriculum): add set 2 for css typography quiz (#59800)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-typography/66ed9010f45ce3ece4053eb8.md

How space is adjusted between all characters in a block of text.

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

What is typography?

#### --distractors--

It is the overall design and style of a set of characters, numbers, and symbols.

---

It is about how the individual characters are designed and arranged on a page.

---

It is the specific variation of a typeface with specific characteristics.

#### --answer--

It is the art of choosing fonts and format to make text visually appealing and easy to read.

### --question--

#### --text--

What characteristics does the font weight NOT include?

#### --distractors--

> Light.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Light
```

---

> Regular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular
```

it's not a sentence, so it doesn't need the period

---

> Bold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bold
```

#### --answer--

> Italics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Italics
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which lowercase letter does NOT contain a ascender?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which lowercase letter does NOT contain an ascender?
```

#### --distractors--

`h`

---

`b`

---

`f`

#### --answer--

`g`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which lowercase letter does NOT contain an descender?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which lowercase letter does NOT contain a descender?
```

#### --distractors--

`.`

---

`;`

---

`:`

#### --answer--

`,`

### --question--

#### --text--

How is leading measured in typograpy?

#### --distractors--

From the end of one character to the start of the next character.

---

From the average height of uppercase letters to average height of lowercase letters.

---

From the baseline to the top of uppercase letters.

#### --answer--

From the baseline of one line to the baseline of the next line.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is an example of kerning?

#### --distractors--

Moving the tails of lowercase letters `y` and `g` above the baseline.

---

Adjusting the space between all characters.

---

Adjusting the white space between words.

#### --answer--

Reducing the space beween the letters `A` and `V`.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is an example of a serif font?

#### --distractors--

It does not have small lines at the end of characters.

---

It has small dots at the end of characters.

---

It has large dots at the end of characters.

#### --answer--

It has small lines at the end of characters.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is an example of a sans-serif font?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of the following is TRUE about a sans-serif font?
```
